== README
Demo: https://aqueous-ocean-9693.herokuapp.com/

Sillify is an app that makes reading the news a fun and interactive game.  It allows users to create a MadLib(tm) style game out of a news article.

WARNING: This app is still in its infancy stages and will require some tweaking.

Current Abilities:
  -Able to scrape a CNN news site by hard-coding the URL into the controller.
  -Able to see a list of common words used in the article
  -Able to select and highlight the words you want your friens to change.

Future Abilities:
  -Bookmarklet to be able to send page to Sillify
  -User will be able to sign in using Google, Facebook, or Twitter
  -User will be able to select the words from the story and generate a URL he/she can then share with friends through facebook, twitter, or Google+ 
  -User (recipient) will receive a form with blanks to fill in the nouns, adjectives, verbs, etc...
  -User (recipient) will be able to read the newly created news story and share with friens (or delete)
  -Users will be able to read previously "Sillified" articles.
  -Users will be able to vote up or down "Sillified" articles.
  -Users will see a list of articles ranked by number of Up-Votes
  -Users can share funny articles or create their own
  -Users will see a list of top news stories they can "Sillify"
  -Users can click the link and begin generating an article to share with friends.


* Ruby version
  - Ruby 2.2.1

* System dependencies
  - Nokogiri
  - Postgres
  - Rails


* Database creation

* Database initialization
  - rake db:create
  - rake db:migrate

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)
  - For now only able to use CNN.  This is a limitation of scraping.

* Deployment instructions
  - Clone this repository to your local machine
  - Bundle Install the gems
  - rake the databases

* ...


Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.
